Update instructions for osquery configuration (#8190)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Using-Fleet/Adding-hosts.md

## Plain osquery

> If you'd like to use the native osqueryd binaries to connect to Fleet, this is enabled by using osquery's [TLS API plugin](http://osquery.readthedocs.io/en/stable/deployment/remote/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Osquery's [TLS API plugin](http://osquery.readthedocs.io/en/stable/deployment/remote/) lets you use the native osqueryd binaries to connect to Fleet.
```

You can find various ways to install osquery on your hosts at https://osquery.io/downloads. Once you have installed osquery, you need to do three things on your hosts: 

> - Set up your Fleet enroll secret

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set up your Fleet enroll secret.
```

> - Provide the TLS certificate that osquery will use to communicate with Fleet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Provide the TLS certificate that osquery will use to communicate with Fleet.
```

> - Configure and launch osqueryd

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Configure and launch osqueryd.
```
Is it suppose to be "osqueryd" or "osquery" in the third bullet?

If your organization has a robust internal public key infrastructure (PKI) and you already deploy TLS client certificates to each host to uniquely identify them, then osquery supports an advanced authentication mechanism that takes advantage of this. Fleet can be fronted with a proxy that will perform the TLS client authentication.

### Provide the TLS certificate that osquery will use to communicate with Fleet

When Fleet uses a self-signed certificate, osquery agents will need a copy of that certificate in order to authenticate the Fleet server. If clients connect directly to the Fleet server, you can download the certificate through the Fleet UI. From the main dashboard (`/hosts/manage`), click **Add New Host** and **Fetch Certificate**. If Fleet is running behind a load-balancer that terminates TLS, you will have to talk to your system administrator about where to find this certificate.

It is important that the CN of this certificate matches the hostname or IP that osqueryd clients will use to connect.

Specify the path to this certificate with the `--tls_server_certs` flag when you launch osqueryd.

### Configure and launch osquery

> In order for osqueryd to connect to the fleet server, there are some flags that need to be set:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for osquery to connect to the fleet server, there are some flags that need to be set:
```

```
 --enroll_secret_path=/etc/osquery/enroll_secret 
 --tls_server_certs=/etc/osquery/fleet.crt
 --tls_hostname=fleet.example.com 
 --host_identifier=uuid 
 --enroll_tls_endpoint=/api/v1/osquery/enroll 
 --config_plugin=tls 
 --config_tls_endpoint=/api/v1/osquery/config 
 --config_refresh=10 
 --disable_distributed=false
 --distributed_plugin=tls 
 --distributed_interval=10 
 --distributed_tls_max_attempts=3 
 --distributed_tls_read_endpoint=/api/v1/osquery/distributed/read 
 --distributed_tls_write_endpoint=/api/v1/osquery/distributed/write 
 --logger_plugin=tls 
 --logger_tls_endpoint=/api/v1/osquery/log 
 --logger_tls_period=10
 ```

> These can be specified directly in the command-line, or saved to a flag file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These can be specified directly in the command line or saved to a flag file. 
```

> #### Launching osqueryd using command-line flags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Launching osquery using command-line flags
```

Author: I feel that `osqueryd` is the correct use here since it's specifically the daemon that's being launched.

If your enroll secret is defined in a local file, specify the file's path with the `--enroll_secret_path` flag instead of using the `--enroll_secret_env` flag.

> #### Launching osqueryd using a flag file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Launching osquery using a flag file
```

For your convenience, osqueryd supports putting all your flags into a single file. We suggest deploying this file to `/etc/osquery/fleet.flags`. If you've deployed the appropriate osquery flags to that path, you could simply launch osquery via:

```
osqueryd --flagfile=/etc/osquery/fleet.flags
```

> When using a flag file on Windows, make sure that paths to files in the flag file are absolute and not quoted. For example in `C:\Program Files\osquery\osquery.flags`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using a flag file on Windows, make sure that file paths in the flag file are absolute and not quoted. For example, in `C:\Program Files\osquery\osquery.flags`:
```
